Copyright 2013 Jonathan M. Reid
All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

(MIT License)

Portions of this software are based in part on the work of Mulle Kybernetik and
the committers of OCMock. Because we have included part of the OCMock software
in this product, we are required to include the following text that accompanied
that software:

Copyright (c) 2004-2013 Mulle Kybernetik. All rights reserved.

Permission to use, copy, modify and distribute this software and its
documentation is hereby granted, provided that both the copyright notice and
this permission notice appear in all copies of the software, derivative works or
modified versions, and any portions thereof, and that both notices appear in
supporting documentation, and that credit is given to Mulle Kybernetik in all
documents and publicity pertaining to direct or indirect use of this code or its
derivatives.

THIS IS EXPERIMENTAL SOFTWARE AND IT IS KNOWN TO HAVE BUGS, SOME OF WHICH MAY
HAVE SERIOUS CONSEQUENCES. THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER ALLOWS FREE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE
IN ITS "AS IS" CONDITION. THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY OF ANY
KIND FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM THE USE OF
THIS SOFTWARE OR OF ANY DERIVATIVE WORK.

